# Project experience reflection

## Group members
Sheng Chen

## Activity Log
December 7 - Began the project<br/>
December 8 - Menu structure and assembly program read-in<br/>
December 9 - <br/>

My advice for other students for this project is to have friends. Friends
motivate people to do things they would not do by themselves. They can also do
work for people, and encourage them when they are feeling bad about themselves
and life in general. Additionally, another piece of advice I have is to not be
sad about life. Being sad about life can trigger aggressive tendencies in some
people that cause them to commit egregious harm upon themselves, such as
pursuing a technically intensive engineering degree as a second career change
while constantly under the impression that they will be a useless animal if
they fail to succeed.

# Tool reflection
I did not find features that were useful in Python. Having to learn Python
itself was a large detriment to my time available to work on every homework
assignment and project in this course that required it, as well as my
motivation to work on them at all.

My advice for other students programming in Python for this course in the
future would be to take a class in Python beforehand, and bring that experience
coming into the course. It takes a certain kind of personality to be
self-motivated to learn a programming language without any requirement to apply
it to a school project. For those who do not have that personality, I believe
it is important to be given a structured education plan for Python such that
they feel confident about programming in the language, before the
responsibilities of any other large and important projects are placed upon
them.